# CS-255
  In the DriverPass project, the client was a person who wanted to create a system that helped people practice and study for their driving tests. They wanted a system which is available as a website and mobile app that connects customers with driving instructors and gives the customers online training relating to passing the driving test.
	
  I believe in this project I did the UML class diagram well. I used principles like inheritance to attempt to make the data being stored be connected in a way the shows the relationship and helps to save memory. If I could choose one part of my project to revise, it would be to add more detail to the PowerPoint presentation at the end. While it did give a high-level overview of the system, I believe I could have added more slides to better explain my UML diagrams. 
	
  I paid attention to and interpreted the user’s needs through the interview they gave at the beginning of the project. It is through this that I added things like the ability to update the lessons based on DMV regulations, ensuring that the system is available on the web and through mobile apps, as well as giving the details I gave to the various abilities and variables related to the different users needed in the system. It is important to consider the user’s needs when designing because at the end of the day, if they are not satisfied with the product the work is not worth much. As developers we make things for the benefit of the clients, and if it does not benefit them in the way they want then we have failed in our job. 
	
  I approach designing software by doing it in incremental steps. I have several steps involved in planning, creating, and testing the software. After each of these steps I review the completed work and see if there is anything additional to add. This helps catch mistakes earlier rather than checking after everything has already been completed. There are some strategies I would use in the future to analyze and design a system. I would use a Kanban board to keep track of my work and see what is left. In addition, I would have frequent SCRUM-like meetings with other developers working on the project to see how things are developing on a daily basis. 
